# TypeScript + AngularJS #

## Motivation ##
[Typescript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/) 
is superset of JavaScript, with optional type annotations. 
As any JS is valid TS, there is no interoperability issue. 
You could slowly convert existing JS codebase and use JS libraries natively. 
You already know most of the langulage. 
It compiles back to JS.

It's attractive to people with strongly typed languages background, 
who are willing to pay with more ceremony while coding. 
Receiving benefit of type checking on compile time. 
Also intellisense works better. 

Generally recommended for large projects.

## Editors ##
Editor for TypeScript is at the moment Visual Studio 2012 with 
[TypeScript](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=266563) and 
[Web Essentials 2012](http://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/07d54d12-7133-4e15-becb-6f451ea3bea6) plugins. 

[Webstorm is comming soon](http://joeriks.com/2012/11/20/a-first-look-at-the-typescript-support-in-webstorm-6-eap/).

## Node.js ##
standalone compiler is available as Node.js package.
```
npm install -g typescript
```

To compile the TS code in this project run in this directory
```
tsc -sourcemap js/_all.ts 
```

## Ambient declarations ##
It is useful to have type information for API of libraries you use. Nice collection is by [Boris Yankov](https://github.com/borisyankov/DefinitelyTyped)
It's used for AngularJS interface definitions in this project.

## Files ##
All .ts are source code.
All .js files are generated by compiler, except files in js/libs folder.
All .d.ts are ambient declarations for libraries.
File _all.ts is used to enumerate add files in the project for benefit of TypeScript compiler. 
If number of files grows, you could put _all.ts file into each folder, move all nested references to it and reference nested _all.ts from parent _all.ts.

Start reading TodoCtrl.ts first and continue with Application.ts and Index.html, rest of it is easy. 
AngularJS knowledge is steeper learning curve than TypeScript.

## AngularJS ##
There is very litte difference between this project and AngularJS TODO, in the way how AngularJS is used.
Only significant difference is, that dependency injection is done via annotated constructors, which allows minification of javascript.

It's definitely possible to convert vanillajs TODO into TypeScript, 
but demonstration TypeScript's benefit is clearer with full blown framework and project structure.

AngularJS documentation and tutorials are worth reading in detail.